now music has been used around the world
to raise awareness about the Decades of
Israeli occupation in Palestinian
territory and none have done it better
than musicians of Palestinian origin San
lant is one such musician who's using
his music to raise awareness about
what's happening in Gaza we'll talk to
him shortly but first here's a snippet
of his popular song from Gaza with
love is to be always where you come from
except when you're on at the C she can
meet me up in London she let me cuz I
came from
[Music]
love well salivan joins us now live from
Los Angeles great to have you with us
it's a great song it really shows your
feelings for Gaza what are your feelings
now when you see what's happening
there thank you for having me um the
feelings I think is a collective feeling
especially coming from the diaspora
Collective feeling of Despair um you
know we built a music studio in razza
this year and to to receive WhatsApp
messages of that studio being destroyed
for no reason pictures having um no
communication with our friends and
family back there I think is a
collective feeling of Palestinians
abroad and um just truly truly I mean
you know I think we've all seen videos
of anded and B just these Heroes living
in Palestine and in Gaza um seeing these
families I think it was two days ago
families and just families move in South
and you you you look at this and
sometimes as a Palestinian I ask myself
how can the world sit and watch this
happen but it's quite simple I think
because uh in order to watch this and be
okay with it and to see ethnic cleansing
live on Instagram you need to think we
are subhuman and the West has been doing
this this tactic of demonization of
dehumanization for a very long time my
mother is a French Algerian and you know
the French and the algerians the
collective demonization of Arabs and
Palestinians in Western media for the
past 70 years is what leads us to the
Israeli defense minister for example
calling us human Savages Ben Shapiro
saying things like Arabs uh no Israelis
like to build and Arabs like to live in
open sewage and bomb stuff you know when
you see this kind of language it's very
deliberate and uh deliberate in a way
that makes it so the Palestinians are
subhuman and this this you know Israelis
are able to justify the oppression that
we go through so it's just very
despairing and how do you use your music
and the platform that you have to
counter that
portrayal I think once again the um the
dehumanization of Palestinians the
deliberate demonization and
dehumanization what I've seen is U music
is a way to put a face you know and to
tell the stories of people that cannot
tell their stories these kids um that
live in Gazza the children this the
children that do not have names um and
faces and stories that are not being
told you look at the stories of the
Israeli hostages on Western media and
you ask yourself are we all worthy of
the same uh of the same coverage of the
same love and care and it's just truly
truly astounding you grew up in Gaza
what are your memories of the Gaza
Strip I grew up in Gaza I only have um
you know I grew up by the sea I um have
memories of you know going fishing my
father built a hotel called the D which
is still there to this day and um you
know scents smells uh you also obviously
I mean I don't know if you can hear
right now there's airplanes going by the
sound of drones is one that is ingrained
in my m forever and I think the sound of
drones for any person living in Raz is
is a core memory that these people live
through and um yeah and your hopes and
dreams for the Palestinian people and
for the people of Gaza in particular
what are they
I think uh I Echo the sentiment of the
Palestinian people when I say that we
dream of a free Palestine a liberated
Palestine um and you know just just to
bring it back uh before before ahead of
let's say you take out Hamas out of the
equation and you know Israel does what
supposedly it wants to do uh Hamas no
longer exists Etc would you call this
place this place is called the West Bank
the West Bank has over 500 checkpoints
um Jewish only roads you know uh Israeli
settlers regularly go out and and burn
olive trees in masses there's I think
half a million of them there so we dream
of a free and liberated
Palestine s Lan really good to speak to
you thanks very much for taking the time
to join us here on Al
jazer thank you thank you